Wrote more about lightgcn and ngcf (#43)
thesis20/thesis_paper: sections/experiments/experiments-chapter.tex

    \item Top Pop
    %\item Factorization Machine \cite{fmrendle}
\end{itemize}

> NGCF is a model proposed by Xiang Wang et al. as a way to utilize the GCN model proposed in \cite{KOrderConnectivity} for recommendation purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NGCF is a model proposed by Wang et al. as a way to utilize the GCN model proposed in \cite{KOrderConnectivity} for recommendation purposes.
```

Reviewer: burde det ikek bare være efternav? går ud fra xiang er fornanv

> It makes use of all three parts of a GCN described in \Cref{sec:preliminaries}, and combines it with utilizing BPR loss to generate negative samples.

Author: ```suggestion
It makes use of all three parts of a GCN described in \Cref{sec:preliminaries}, and utilizes BPR loss with negative sampling to use it for a ranking purpose.
```

> It makes use of all three parts of a GCN described in \Cref{sec:preliminaries}, and combines it with utilizing BPR loss to generate negative samples.

Reviewer: hvem er it? de tre components?

> LightGCN was later proposed by the same authors and is mainly focused on performing an ablation study similar to the one done in \cite{SimplifyingGCN}, where they remove the linear transformation, and non-linear activation between layers to provide a simpler model, while still presenting competitive results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LightGCN was later proposed by the same authors and is mainly focused on performing an ablation study similar to the one done in \cite{SimplifyingGCN}, where they remove the linear transformation and non-linear activation between layers to provide a simpler model, while still presenting competitive results.
```

> Both the CSGCN models and LightGCN extend the codebase of NGCF, so they are natural to be included in the comparison to show that adding side-information contextual information hopefully improves the accuracy of these methods.\\

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Both the CSGCN models and LightGCN extend the codebase of NGCF, so they are naturally included in the comparison to show that adding side-information and contextual information hopefully improves the accuracy of these methods.\\
```

> Both the CSGCN models and LightGCN extend the codebase of NGCF, so they are natural to be included in the comparison to show that adding side-information contextual information hopefully improves the accuracy of these methods.\\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both the CSGCN models and LightGCN extend the codebase of NGCF, so they are a natural inclusion in the comparison to show that adding side-information and contextual information hopefully improves the accuracy of these methods.\\
```
